# Linux-From-Scratch

Over the past several weeks I have taken on the challenge of building my very own, personalized, Operating System by following the guide in http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/lfs/view/stable/ also known as Linux From Scratch. Linux From Scratch or LFS in the words of its creator Gerard Beekmans, "[LFS] teaches people how a Linux system works internally". Throughout my excursion into LFS, that would certianly become the case. LFS adds a special and personal touch to a Linux system,  as it has become to be known for. LFS is the very root of the solution to the problem of customization. With all of the Linux distributions out there today, and some that have been lost to the annals of history, there is an undeniable level of customization a user/organization can add to their system. However, in order to be truly independent from the monotonous task of researching which specific linux distribution will solve a certian task, among many other probems, it very well may be easier to start 'from scratch' and build something that can meet every one of your personal or business requirements. Thanks to Gerard Beekmans, we now have that solution. 

In this project I will attempt to build a fool proof guide, for the beginner, and walk them through the steps of building their very own LFS system. 

Now to be completely transparent, I have not experimented with the various ways someone can build their LFS system. It is exremely prone to bugs and errors, and it may very well only work in one specific instance as it did for me. The goal of this project is clear the air about some of the problems and headaches that people get when they think about building an LFS system. To be completely honest, it is difficult and requires a lot of your time, but in the end if you wish to be 100% independent from the struggles of customizing an pre-existing OS, LFS is the answer. 

Out the shute, LFS is pretty bare bones. There is an addition of the LFS system called Beyond Linux From Scratch of BLFS, but I will not be delving into that here just yet as the hardest part may be getting a working solution. 
